Adds the article: "Best 3 Workflow Orchestration Tools: a Comparison" (#1813)
kestra-io/docs: content/blogs/2024-10-30-workflow-tools-comparison.md

---

> title: "Workflow Orchestration Tools: a Comparison Among Popular Solutions"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: "Workflow Orchestration Tools: My Take on Airflow, Kestra and Prefect"
```

- **Choose Apache Airflow for data workflows that require precise control over task execution sequences**. Airflow's DAG-based workflow management is excellent for data engineering teams deeply integrated with Python, especially when the focus is on managing intricate ETL pipelines in a specific order of executionl. If your team needs to handle complex dependencies and requires full flexibility in defining workflows using Python code, Airflow is a robust choice. For instance, a financial institution processing transaction data with strict compliance requirements might use Airflow to ensure that data transformations occur in a specific, auditable sequence.

> ## Conclusions

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Conclusion

```
